docs: normalize patterns, core/controller docs, and contributor/tool docs (#6528)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: 2nd-gen/packages/core/controllers/placement-controller/placement-controller.mdx

> Same order as Gen1: `offset → shift → flip → size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order of the stack: `offset → shift → flip → size`.
```

removing references to gen1 so this is the source of truth
